Const is a variable that should never
change it can never change so like right
up here I declared my name but then we
changed it here so it started out to be
Bo and we change it to 8a Const you can
never change it if you do try to change
it you'll get an error okay that's all
for now but like I said we'll be talking
more about the different types of
variables later
there's a difference between declaring
variables and assigning variables here's
how you assign the variable var a and
then the semicolon I didn't mention this
earlier but you end all lines in
JavaScript with a semicolon well it's
not actually required you can actually
just skip the semicolons completely but
most people recommend that you put a
semicolon just so it's obvious where the
end of the line is so here we are just
declaring a variable to be called a and
then here we are assigning a variable
we're declaring an assigning in one line
so we're declaring it VAR b and then the
equal sign is the assignment operator it
means that 2 is being assigned to B
we're not checking if B equals 2 though
we're just assigning 2 to B so after
that we can actually assign other things
so I can say a equals 7 so now I've just
assigned 7th a I didn't have to declare
a because it was already declared and I
can also say that B equals a so I've now
assigned the contents of A to B and put
the semicolon there one thing I want to
tell you about is console dot log
console dot log allows you to see things
in the console so I'm going to console
that log a and if I load this here you
can see down here in the console it
shows seven so right now we've assigned
A to B seven or and so we when we
console that log a it shows seven down
there if we put another console that log
right here this will allow us to show
what a was up here and then down there
so console dot log now if I run that we
can now see at first it was null and
then now at seven so here oh it's not as
seven down here so you can check what
variables are at various points in your
program
now I'll show you another example of
initializing a variable to an initial
value at the same time it's declared so
I'm going to say var a equals 9 so the
VAR a is the clearing it and the equals
9 is initializing it with that the
assignment operator which is the equal
sign
before we do anything to these variables
they are uninitialized that means their
value is undefined we have not set them